Add migration guide for pyserial-asyncio to fast (#2894)
home-assistant/developers.home-assistant: blog/2026-01-05-pyserial-asyncio-fast.md

---
author: epenet
authorURL: https://github.com/epenet
title: "Solving pyserial-asyncio blocking the event loop"
---

### Summary of changes

Starting in `2026.7`, installation of `pyserial-asyncio` will be blocked on Home Assistant.

Library maintainers and custom integrations are advised to migrate to `pyserial-asyncio-fast`.

### Background

> `pyserial-asyncio` blocks the event loop because it does a blocking `sleep` and is not maintained.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`pyserial-asyncio` blocks the event loop because it does a blocking `sleep`. The library is also not maintained so efforts to improve the situation haven't been released.
```
